[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Swift petals to sway his blade.
Mil Fleurs now.
Butterfly Orchid!
[REBECCA gasps]
Just in time.
You saved me!
Now it's my turn
to lend you a hand.
Stand back. Let me
take care of him.
[LUFFY] "The Healing Princess!
Save Mansherry!"
Nico Robin. Just lovely.
How cowardly.
Gave yourself the advantage?
I what? Wait, wait.
Dear girl. I'm a bad guy.
You expect me to fight fair?
[chuckles] Sorry,
that's rich. Time to die!
[cackles]
Funny, you have it backwards.
Huh?
[gasps]
Go on, Commander.
Rebecca's safe.
Don't hold back. She's with me.
Thank you. Sincerely.
Long have I waited. For revenge.
What're you guys up to?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714A]
Have mercy on us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714B]
W-We're just respectfully
moving the corpses. Please don't
take it the wrong way!
Okay. I'm pretty sure
that one's still alive though.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714A]
Fair! But we can agree
he's knocked out cold, right?
At least let us
tend to his wounds!
Pretty please?
Please, sir!
Can you show us pity?
We appeal to your honor! [cries]
All right! Hit the bricks!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Thank you very much!
[BARTOLOMEO sighs]
Sheesh.
That moron really fell for
that crap. Good acting!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714B]
You too, pal!
He's gonna regret letting us go.
Hurry! Bring us Dellinger!
Now!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714D]
You idiot!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714C]
Just get him on the stretcher!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714F]
Ow, ow, ow.
[GIOLLA]
Philistines!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[GIOLLA] Show some respect!
Who do you think you are?
Honestly! Treating an
Executive so poorly!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
We're sorry!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Accept our apology!
All's forgiven since
you begged so nicely.
[GIOLLA]
You schmucks!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
Come on, boys, you know better.
I call it "Penance"! So lovely!
Now fellas. Find a
nice spot for my art.
Someplace well lit.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Yes, ma'am!
[GIOLLA] I'm having a hard time
believing all the Executives
are falling one after another.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714H]
Miss Giolla!
[GIOLLA]
Mm?
Bad news! Gladius is on
his way in on a stretcher!
Ma'am. We're at
a real loss here!
Huh, Gladius?
Well, there's no time
for lollygagging, then.
Bring it to me.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714H]
Right away, ma'am!
[VIOLET gasps]
What is she planning?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 714A ringing]
It's from the factory.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 714A]
Cu-lick.
[WOMEN]
Oh, Señor!
You're so hard-boiled!
[FRANKY]
Ouch!
[WOMEN]
Señor!
[WICKA]
It connected!
[DWARVES gasp]
Miss Viola? You there?
Please respond!
Hello? How's the
princess? Or Leo?
What a mess!
Our beloved princess!
How I worry for the girl!
Is she well? I must know!
There's news, it's not good.
We ran into a problem.
[DWARVES]
A problem?!
Don't say something
happened to her!
[VIOLET]
Just a moment please.
Stay on the line while
I contact the others.
[VIOLET]
Leo, can you hear me?
Oh, Miss Viola!
[INHEL]
It's Leo!
[LEO] We're running up the
Rampart Tower at the moment!
So close! We're
approaching the chapel.
[VIOLET] Do whatever you must
to get there quickly.
Giolla has Princess Mansherry
and is forcing her
to use her ability!
What? That's really bad news!
Oh no! Hurry up, Leo!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714I]
It's the Little People!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714J]
They're approaching!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714K]
Shoot 'em!
Dammit! Little rats.
Bring in the explosives.
Take em out!
And the staircase, too!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
Keep up the pace, almost there!
Hang on, Princess Mansherry!
We're on the way!
Stop giving me a hard time,
princess. Do as I say!
[MANSHERRY]
I won't anymore.
I miss Greenbit.
Could you please let me go?
I can't help you any longer.
Shut your mouth.
Who are you calling Boa Hancock?
I never said that.
You misheard me.
Don't be a baby!
Princess! Please!
We need your cooperation.
Just look. Are you really gonna
let the Executives suffer?
Listen. They lost to
our enemies, but not by much.
Meaning, the people they fought
are in pretty rough
condition themselves.
So, if you'll work with me here
and use your
Heal-Heal Fruit powers
to revive our Executives,
we'll win! They'll be
able to finish the job
and send those louts
to an early grave!
Our foes will never
see it coming! [laughs]
Now, are you ready to use
that fancy pants ability
like you did on Sugar
the first time she lost?
C'mon! Hand that Magic
Watering Can over here!
Now! Now! Now!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES chuckle]
I cannot. I know the truth.
Hm?
I won't help.
You're very bad people.
You hurt King Riku.
I also found out that King
Doflamingo has been lying to us.
And that was all for
your own good!
You know-nothing rat!
I don't wanna heal
bad guys like you. No more!
[GIOLLA gasps]
She...
[GIOLLA]
She's so cute!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
So cute!
Don't fall for crocodile tears!
Did you just call me
the beauty of the millennium?
Again. I didn't say
anything like that.
[GIOLLA]
Now! Hurry!
[MANSHERRY]
Help me!
[GIOLLA]
All right, then.
I see how it is.
You don't care about
your friend, huh?
But if I heal all
your people's wounds,
they'll do bad things
again, won't they?
Hush, girl. I suppose
I have no choice
but to wring the powers
out of you, then!
[MANSHERRY cries]
[MANSHERRY]
Help me! Leo!
Shoot them!
Hit something that time!
[LEO gasps]
Cub!
[DWARVES]
No, Cub!
[INHEL]
Leo? Cub? Something wrong?
[CUB]
Fight on! I'm fine!
Go on ahead without me,
I'll catch up!
I got it!
Oh look, a rat.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
He's gone?
[GIOLLA] The watering can!
Just give it to me!
Stop it! That's painful!
[GIOLLA chuckles]
[cries]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714AA]
What happened?
Oh, look! He's better!
[gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE 714Z]
Wait. Did you see that?
Her tears fixed him.
[GIOLLA]
It did what?
Oh, so that's how
your power works.
[GIOLLA chuckles] Keeping
secrets, little princess?
So even your tears have
the ability to heal people?
Splendid! Then, cry!
[GIOLLA]
Cry for me!
[MANSHERRY gasps]
No!
[GIOLLA] Come on, Princess!
Weep those little eyes out!
That's hurting me!
Please, no more!
Leo, hurry!
On it!
Speak up! What's wrong?
It's Giolla.
She's figured out the
princess's tears heal people.
[DWARVES]
Huh?!
[VIOLET]
She's forcing her to cry
by callously inflicting pain.
[DWARVES]
No!
No! I'll be right there!
Mouji's comin'!
It's no use! We can't help.
It's up to Leo and Cub!
She sounds powerful.
I get why they wanted her.
[VIOLET] Because of
the Heal-Heal Fruit.
It's granted her
the ability to mend wounds
of all living things and
they're forcing her to use it.
Jeez. I see. Damn.
[KANJURO, KIN'EMON]
Yes. Damn.
Now, they're harming her.
It's a twisted
attempt to revitalize
their defeated Executives.
It'll be bad if
they pull it off.
[USOPP gasps] What? Isn't that
basically cheating though?
That's like an infinite army!
That sounds very bad.
And I thought we were
in the clear.
Leo, hurry!
Go, Cub! Quickly!
Wait. Don't tell me!
Sugar's there with them,
too, isn't she?
[VIOLET]
She is!
[ALL]
What?!
Transform into a toy!
[USOPP screams]
How the heck do we even the odds
when they keep coming back?
This really is some Grade A
bull-crap if you ask me!
[KANJURO, KIN'EMON]
Yes! Truly!
[DWARVES]
Come on, Leo!
[DWARVES cheering]
Go! Run, little guy!
[KIN'EMON, KANJURO]
Save the girl!
[ALL cheering]
[MANSHERRY]
No!
Found it! The naughty room!
[GIOLLA]
Hm?
Hey, you! Drop her!
Leo!
Princess!
You're too late, hero.
Grab 'em!
[MANSHERRY gasps]
Now, wake up, everyone!
Time for the Don Quixote
Family reunion.
Round two start!
[CUB]
Leo! Move it!
You handle Giolla! Go!
[CUB]
Beetle Uppercut!
[gasps] But how?
[LEO]
Sew, sew, sew, sew, sew!
Sew!
Sew.
Sew, sew, sew, sew, sew!
[huffs] It's fine.
I'll line them up again.
You should've grabbed her!
Then let me help you with that!
Sew, sew, sew!
Sew, sew, sew, sew, sew!
Huh?
I strung you all together,
so your friends won't
get separated anymore!
You what? Artless fool!
Haute Couture! Patch Work, go!
Oh no!
[MANSHERRY]
He... He's here.
Leo really came to rescue me.
He's just like a real prince!
[GIOLLA]
That was crafty...
He made it! Just in time!
He did? It's over?
Madame Ninja?
The Executives weren't
revived. Leo stopped her!
[ALL cheer]
[KIN'EMON] Tiny individual!
Splendid work!
[VIOLET]
Mansherry is with Leo!
[DWARVES]
All right!
[DWARVES cheering]
Finally!
Leo. I was scared.
Yeah? Hey, did you
gain some weight?
Classic Leo.
[panting]
[LUFFY panting] Hey, you're in
rough shape, Bellamy.
If you keep
fighting me like this,
you really are gonna die!
Why aren't you trying?
Don't stand there. Strike back.
Straw Hat, don't you dare
look down on me.
Do you know
what this feeling is?
Do you have any clue
what it's like
to have your world
crumble under you?
[chuckles] Even if I die,
I can take you down with me.
[groans]
If nothing else,
maybe Doflamingo will
think on me fondly
when I'm gone.
[BELLAMY grunts]
[panting]
[NARRATOR]
As the brutal battle of blows
between Franky and
Señor Pink comes to a climax,
Señor Pink thinks back on
the series of tragic events
that made him into the
"hard-boiled" man he is today.
With a heart heavy
with melancholy,
his feelings of long-lost love
roar across the battlefield
one last time.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Manly Duel!
Señor's Elegy of Love!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!